Mmm, yeah, oh, girl
(Oh, what you say, girl?)
Mmm, yeah, oh yeah

We used to be inseparable, now the love has gone
That's the reason why, why you and I, we can't get along
And even though I knew what you, girl, had done to me
I never planned to cheat
I guess both of us been weak, yeah
Cards thrown down, we been fooling 'round, guess we're both to blame
Nothing to talk about, girl, it freaked me out the night you called his name
Mmm, not coming home till the early morn'
What am I supposed to say?
Relationships are based on trust
So with us it's obvious

Why don't we go our separate ways?
Just realise we've nothing left to say
Neither of us wants to compromise
Too many secrets, jealousy and lies

It seems that we been messing 'round, ain't being straight
You say that we should work it out, but it's far too late
Being honest, girl ,when all said and done, got some things to face
There's nothing left to lose, but so much time to waste, yeah
What's the point in playing, playing games with me?
We ain't gotta lie (We ain't gotta lie)
You might as well just pack our bags and just say goodbye (Just say goodbye)
Only human, girl, we both made mistakes, but it ain't no use
I think we should call it quits
'Cause we can't go on like this

Why don't we go our separate ways?
Just realise we've nothing left to say
Neither of us wants to compromise
Too many secrets, jealousy and lies

I don't even know why we've been tripping for so long
It's not like we both don't understand what's right from wrong
Seems like we can't get along no more
So why don't we just go Shut the door as there ain't no love here anymore?

Why don't we go our separate ways? (Oh baby)
Just realise we've nothing left to say (Oh no no, nothing left to say now, baby)
Neither of us wants to compromise
Too many secrets, jealousy and lies
Why don't we go our separate ways?
Just realise we've nothing left to say
Neither of us wants to compromise
Too many secrets, jealousy and lies

(Girl, I'd like to know) What else is left for us to say
(Girl, I'd like to know) 'Cause I can't see any other way
(Girl, I'd like to know) Why did we let each other down?
(Girl, I'd like to know) I wanna know, I wanna know
(Girl I'd like to know, girl, I'd like to know) If it all started with a kiss
(Girl, I'd like to know) Why did it have to end like this?
(Girl, I'd like to know) All of the promises we made, yeah
