Tell me, was it worth it? (Worth it all)
Tell me, was it worth it? (Worth it all)
Tell me, was it worth it all?
Tell me, was it worth it? (Worth it all)
Tell me, was it worth it?
Tell me, was it worth it all? (Worth it all)
Tell me, was it worth it? (Worth it all)

Before you were no good
You used to be so good
And then you changed and flipped on me
So tell me what's the reason all this time you've been preaching
Acting like you know everything
Look into my eyes and tell me what you see
Was what you got worth losin' me?
Now all your lies has caught up wit your game
It's a different picture, but in the same old frame
Tell me, was it

Tell me, was it worth it, now that it's said and done?
Oh, did you find what you were looking for?
Tell me, was it worth it? Oh boy, that's all I want
Is just tell me the truth and nothing more

Don't be confused and think that I wanna be back in your arms 'Cause I closed that door
Tell me, was it worth it, for you to make that change?
And play that game wit me

I gave all I could give you, changed it all up for you
But you didn't sacrifice for me
So is it for the moment? Are you really on it?
Either way, you ain't thinkin' 'bout me
Look into my eyes
And tell me, do you see?
Can you see the pain that you caused on me?
It's not the same
We'll never be that way again
'Cause you can't take back those tears
Please tell me

Tell me, was it worth it, now that it's said and done? (Oh, oh)
Oh, did you find what you were looking for? (Hey)
Tell me, was it worth it? Oh boy, that's all I want (That's all I want)
Is just tell me the truth and nothing more

Don't be confused and think that I wanna be back in your arms (Confused at all)
(I closed that door) 'Cause I closed that door
Tell me, was it worth it, for you to make that change? (Ooh, hey)
And play that game wit me

Tell me, was it worth it? Worth it
Was it worth it? Worth it all (Oh)
Tell me, was it worth it? Worth it
Was it worth it? Worth it all (The life we built, hey)

Tell me, was it worth it, now that it's said and done?
(Said and done)
Oh, did you find what you were looking for?
(Baby, was it worth it?)
Tell me, was it worth it? Oh boy, that's all I want (Hey, hey)
Is just tell me the truth and nothing more

Don't be confused and think that I wanna be back in your arms
(I don't want you, baby, no, I don't want you, baby, no)
'Cause I closed that door
Tell me, was it worth it, for you to make that change?
And play this game wit me

Tell me, was it worth it, now that it's said and done? (Oh, oh, oh)
Oh, did you find what you were looking for? (oh, oh, oh-oh)
Tell me, was it worth it, oh boy, that's all I want
Is just tell me the truth and nothing more
