You don't have to be beautiful to turn me on
I just need your body, baby, from dusk 'til dawn
You don't need experience to turn me out
You just leave it all up to me, I'm gonna show you what it's all about

You don't have to be rich to be my girl
You don't have to be cool to rule my world
Ain't no particular sign I'm more compatible with
I just want your extra time and your kiss

You got to not talk dirty, baby, if you wanna impress me
You can't be too flirty, mama, I know how to undress me
I want to be your fantasy, maybe you could be mine
You just leave it all up to me, we could have a good time

You don't have to be rich to be my girl
You don't have to be cool to rule my world
Ain't no particular sign I'm more compatible with
I just want your extra time and your kiss

Yes, oh, I think I wanna dance, uh
Gotta, gotta, oh
Little Girl Wendy's Parade
Gotta, gotta, gotta

Women, not girls, rule my world, I said they rule my world
Act your age, mama, not your shoe size, maybe we could do the twirl
You don't have to watch Dynasty to have an attitude
You just leave it all up to me, my love will be your food

Yeah, you don't have to be rich to be my girl
You don't have to be cool to rule my world
Ain't no particular sign I'm compatible with!
I just want your extra time and your kiss

Gotta, gotta, gotta
Kiss, oh
I think I wanna dance
Kiss
You don't have to be rich
Bullshit! Come on y'all
You don't have to be cool
Ahh!
Kiss
Woman overboard, everybody on the ground
Ten toes goin' up, ten toes goin' down
Got the gun pointin' at 'cha
We're never gonna cut our hair
(Come here, let me cut that hair)
No!
Gotta, gotta
My body wanna tell you to take control
This way to this purple soul
Oh, pretty mama, I think I wanna ride
Sophie, for God's sake
If you touch the television, I'll kill you Sophie
Sol, can you please change the channel for God's sake?
I don't care, leave it alone, sit down!
I can't stand David Letterman, he looks like a banker

You don't have to watch Dynasty to have an attitude
Leave it all up to me, my love will be, will be your food
Everybody will have short hair
Let's cut it, mama!
(Pretty mama)
I think I wanna ride
Put the daddy in the front seat, me and the girl outside
I just want your extra time and your... kiss

Oh my God, isn't that Prince on television, Sol?
OK Sophie, it's obvious
No, wait a minute, I bought this television
Why'd, why you ruin it for me for God's sake?Is he the strangest lookin' thing you've ever seen or what?
You wanna talk strange Sophie? OK, let's talk strange
Sol, don't you touch that channel!
Leave it alone, Sol!
Sophie, you're strange, I'm changin' the channel
Sol, do you, do you value your life?
Sit down Sol!
