As the prosthetic souls enter their bodies, the world will shake
With life in place, the chains are on a countdown to break. Artificial condition known as life
Destruction! The origin of a destructive path. An obscure destructive path. Artificial condition
Pathetic intelligence. Pathetic intelligence has been injected into the selected beings. Their minds are connected, but rarely directеd. Negatively affectеd, all due to the pain of being completely neglected
Confined and withering into the abyss
An obscure path that never mattered. Like bloody glass that’s been shattered
It’s melting through the hands of the useless souls. Useless souls
This imaginary earth that no one truly controls. Controls!
Fear for the sky, where the blood is collected. Where the blood is collected
One by one, they were all wired into the thought of terror
Watching the earth melt through the hands of the weak as they are all isolated in fear
Now no words remain for those who have never had the chance to complain
A slave they remain, with nothing to gain. A slave they remain, with nothing to gain. Placed into the sky for their blood to rain... to rain
This reality; beyond insane. Beyond insane!
Forcefully thrown in, and forcefully erased. Forcefully thrown in, and forcefully erased. With no choice but to be forgotten. The sky was meant to rest the ones that are well past rotten. Forcefully thrown in
There is no way to return. The time will come. The fragile world will grow feeble
Inevitable! Inevitable, but mandatory to live in fear of this territory. Live in fear of this territory
Sight from the top, with so much height that won’t stop. Fiction or constriction?
A thought so aggressive, has conformed into addiction. A thought so aggressive, has conformed into addiction. Forced! Not to be taken for granted. Forced! Not to be taken for granted. Walk this earth while you can. I think good
Those with control will obliterate the weak. Those with control will obliterate the weak
As the prosthetic souls enter their bodies, the world will shake
With life in place, the chains are on a countdown to break. A countdown to break. Artificial condition known as life
Weakness will reveal with the inability to determine what’s real. What’s real!
Control must be earned. Power must be taken, in order to reawaken
The weak into power. The power into control. The control turned to rage
This war has just begun! This hatred built from power. A desire to kill
Their lives are flashing back for their final hour. Nothing could have changed this circumstance
Run as far as you can, but they will all collapse regardless. They will all collapse
Desire for the throne, the weak have no right to remain conscious
One by one, they will be set free
One by one, they will be set free and join the nonexistent entity
A dishonorable defeat. The fear is constantly racing through their minds. They keep running, but eventually there will be no place left to hide
No place left to hide. Surpassing the misery and endless images of horror that was once unimaginable
No place left to hide. Surpassing the misery
No place left to hide. Surpassing the misery of horror that was once unimaginable
It has become a traumatizing reality. Trauma! Trauma! It has become a traumatizing reality
Pathetic intelligence has been injected into the selected beings. Their minds are connected, but rarely directed. Negatively affected, all due to the pain of being completely neglected
The dark will never end. The light was but a dream. The light was but a dream
Only to be heard. It is all just a dream. Never to be true. Never to be true
The cowards hit the bottom
The cowards hit the bottom as their blood runs through the cracks on the floor
Finally, what’s inside the skull is connected to the earth
Finally, what’s inside the skull is connected to the earth
Only then will they realize that this world has been hopeless
Sinking. Sinking. They’re all sinking. Sinking into corruption. Sinking into insanity
Nothing was meant to be. Nothing was meant to be fair
Driven by the neglect. Driven by the neglect
The world will shake. The world will shake
Inevitable, but mandatory to live in fear of this territory
The world will shake. The world will shake
Restless eyes forced open to observe. To observe
Restless eyes forced open to observe and indulge in the Hell on this earth. A pointless earth for the ones who have fallen. This is suffering. Years of suffering. Fear! Pain!
With nothing to gain, the superior will reign. Death!
No way to numb the suffering. No way to numb the suffering
The pain won’t... The pain won’t go away. Away!
Accepting defeat is only the beginning of pain... of pain!
Their limbs so frail. Their flesh so pale
All of the recent torment is here to stay
All of the recent torment and shock has caused this distress. Nothing left to regret, nothing left to regret, just embrace the pain that you will never forget
Accepting defeat is only the beginning of pain... of pain!
Their limbs so frail. Their flesh so pale
All of the recent torment... is here to stay
Overrated. Unrelated. Our race overpopulated. Frail!
Their limbs so frail. Their limbs so frail. Their flesh so pale
All of the recent torment is here to stay
No way to numb the suffering
An overrated humanity, designed to be wasted until time depletes. As time depletes
Break these chains. No way to numb
As the prosthetic souls enter their bodies, the world will shake
With life in place, the chains are on a countdown to break. Artificial condition known as life
Artificial condition, a false reality
Artificial condition, a false reality
Fear for the sky, where the blood is collected. Where the blood is collected
One by one, they were all wired into the thought of terror
Resorting to chaos. A solution so pure. The race designed for worms
The race designed for filthy worms
Pathetic and worthless dreamlike state of mind
Consuming all of the irrelevant sensations. Consuming all, until there is nothing
Replacing lives with more lives. Replacing lives with no lives. Animalistic tendencies absorbing all
Replacing lives with more lives. Replacing lives with no lives. Animalistic tendencies absorbing all
Dispose all of the senseless and miserable individuals
Dispose all of the senseless. A solution so pure. So pure
Pathetic and worthless dreamlike state of mind
Deception at its finest
Resorting to chaos. A solution so pure. The race designed for worms
Don’t question the walls beneath your fragile skin. Unbearable is all that’s known on this Hell
Destined to break. Destined to break! Break!
Beyond contorted with no solution
They’ll be trapped forever as the blood they shed is poured out from the heart, into their coffin
Devour and destroy the cowards. The beginning of a wasteland for those who don’t listen
Ignorant as can be, a brainwashed society
The vulnerable will never be prepared to enter the burial ground. Ground
The thought of the inevitable plans are bleak and desirable
The disconnection of this filthy atmosphere has left uncertainty, and desperation
Ignorant as can be, a brainwashed society
The vulnerable will never be prepared to enter the burial ground
They’ll be trapped forever as the blood they shed is poured out from the heart, into their coffin
Watch them fall apart
So it goes to show, the superior will reign. Reign Hell forever
To indulge in showing absolutely no remorse, is what defines the craved satisfaction
Reign! Reign! Reign Hell forever! Reign Hell!
Temper so vile. Inflicting endless pain
Reign Hell forever! Inflicting endless pain
Tortured forever. Reign Hell forever!
Prosthetic soul, break these chains! Exit this body once and for all!
