Uh, uh, uh, hardcore (Saggin)
Uh, uh, uh, hardc— yeah, hardcore, yeah, man
Alright, well, got my shit down here, smoke that shit
We 'bout to just do some nice stuff here, wassup (Ahh, uh)

My style hurts, doesn't it?
Turn around and your whole crews loving it
Uh, you tried stiff neck thugging it
Couldn't sleep, 'cause your mind had a bug in it
Buzzing without weed, extract
And you thought I wasn't coming? Well, you need a slap
Let me see, chapter three, verse one and I'm on
Wait for 'em, warning you of the coming of Kong, come on
Splash, little fishy, can you swim in the pond?
Are you that, breaking the wall, will your building respond?
To the pressure, walking with the strength of my predecessor
Ancient, I never walk alone
I'm up against the stereo mono-typical
Visualising wealth is not applicable
Now my brain cries out for me to read
With movement inspired by Johnsy D and Benjy Read

The globe keeps spinning (The whole damn world is)
But I ain't moving (Excuse me?)
We can't keep joking (No, no, no, no)
Break the lock if the door's not open now (Break it down, break it down)
The Globe keeps spinning (The whole damn world is)
But I ain't moving (Excuse me?)
We can't keep joking (No, no, no, no)
Break the lock if the door's not open now

Concepts get abandoned with no gloves
Traditional trends evaporate like soap suds
The inner-city whirlpool will suck you up like
A person with a temper can kcuf you up right?
Time to bring it back down to syndromes
Custard in your eye like Bugsy Malone
You need to stay calm with napalm attached to ya
Embrace arm in gasoline, strike a match to ya
Now, now do you feel enlightened? (Nah)
Well, I don't and I'm the one writing
Anything versus everything really means nothing
Can't be a king peacock, I hate strutting
Dressed up semi-jiggy I might frustrate somethin'
A lion in the wardrobe, is ready to break somethin'
Mr. Fantastic Fox
The awkward individ' that makes the wack tihs hot
My jazz addiction is a premonition of war
When visible tussles appear on the dance floor
The sweat breaks to the beat, freak of the month
Year, decade, vacuum the essay, now lets say
I'm one in a million, a million in one room
You want an interview with the killer of monsoons?
I'll sing sonnets to don and donettes, okay?
I'm terrible with a broom, sweeping your mess away

The globe keeps spinning (The whole damn world is)
But I ain't moving (Excuse me?)
We can't keep joking (No, no, no, no)
Break the lock if the door's not open now (Break it down, break it down)
The Globe keeps spinning (The whole damn world is)
But I ain't moving (Excuse me?)
We can't keep joking (No, no, no, no)
Break the lock if the door's not open now

Two, three, break
Two, three, break
Two, three, break
